Add feature flagging semantic conventions (#2529)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/trace/feature-flags.md

> # Semantic conventions for Feature Flags

Reviewer: This file belongs into the `semantic_conventions` folder (that's also why the link checks are breaking for document-status and the README.md).

**Status**: [Experimental](../../document-status.md)

<!-- Re-generate TOC with `markdown-toc --no-first-h1 -i` -->

<!-- toc -->

- [Motivation](#motivation)
- [Overview](#overview)
- [Convention](#convention)
- [Example](#example)

<!-- tocstop -->

## Motivation

Features flags are commonly used in modern applications to decouple feature
releases from deployments. Many feature flagging tools support the ability to

> update flag configurations in near real-time. They also commonly allow rulesets

Reviewer: Maybe add something like "from a remote (feature flag management) server" to indicate that they're not updated locally.

> to be defined that return value based on contextual information. For example, a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to be defined that return values based on contextual information. For example, a
```

| `feature_flag.flag_key`          | string | The unique identifier of the feature flag.                   | `logo-color`                 | Required                    |
| `feature_flag.provider_name`     | string | The name of the service that performs the flag evaluation.   | `Flag Manager`               | Recommended                 |
| `feature_flag.evaluated_variant` | string | The human readable name that identifies the evaluated value. | `red`; `blue`; `green`       | Conditionally Required: [1] |
| `feature_flag.evaluated_value`   | string | A string representation of the evaluated value.              | `ff0000`; `0000ff`; `00ff00` | Conditionally Required: [2] |

**[1]:** A variant should be used if it is available. If the variant is present, feature_flag.evaluated_value should be omitted.

**[2]:** The value should only be used if the variant is not available. How the value is represented as a string should be determined by the implementer.

<!-- endsemconv -->

## Example

The following example shows how a feature flag span can be represented on a trace.

> In this scenario, developers are updating an endpoint which returns the nth number in the Fibonacci sequence. They want to monitor the impact of this updated algorithm on the system. After a GET request is made to `/fib`, a feature flag with the key `fib-algo-name` determines which algorithm is used during this calculation. This feature flag is evaluated by a feature flagging service called `Flag Manager`, which returns the new algorithm only for internal test users. The span `Flag Manager fib-algo-name` has the attribute `feature_flag.evaluated_value`, which represents the algorithm that was run during this request. This span information can then be used to understand the impact that a flag(s) had on a request and to determine whether a new feature should be rolled out to a more general audience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this scenario, developers are updating an endpoint which returns the n-th number in the Fibonacci sequence. They want to monitor the impact of this updated algorithm on the system. After a GET request is made to `/fib`, a feature flag with the key `fib-algo-name` determines which algorithm is used during this calculation. This feature flag is evaluated by a feature flagging service called `Flag Manager`, which returns the new algorithm only for internal test users. The span `Flag Manager fib-algo-name` has the attribute `feature_flag.evaluated_value`, which represents the algorithm that was run during this request. This span information can then be used to understand the impact that a flag(s) had on a request and to determine whether a new feature should be rolled out to a more general audience.
```

Reviewer: This sounds good to me!
If you could add line breaks after the sentences it would make the diffs easier to review and annotate, by the way.
